Add support for ScrapeConfig CRD to `prometheus.operator` (#2638)
grafana/alloy: CHANGELOG.md

- (_Experimental_) Add a `stage.windowsevent` block in the `loki.process` component. This aims to replace the existing `stage.eventlogmessage`. (@wildum)

> - (_Experimental_) Add support for [ScrapeConfig](https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/developer/scrapeconfig/) to the `prometheus.operator` component. (@alex-berger)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (_Experimental_) Adding a new `prometheus.operator.scrapeconfigs` which discovers and scrapes [ScrapeConfig](https://prometheus-operator.dev/docs/developer/scrapeconfig/) Kubernetes resources. (@alex-berger)
```
I think this is a bit more clear.
